That's enough!
If you don't wear it, I'll give you time to prove your innocence.
I don't want to see you until then
Come
Mr. Song went out to call the police
Didn't you hear what my daughter said?
He told you to get out
Sweet Dream
I will definitely investigate the truth
Shen Guiying this bitch
How dare you pretend to be me and murder you?
Get him out of the house with you
Xiaojie is presumptuous
Just because you dare to send a lady
madam
We're going to take this bold thing
Take it down and teach a lesson
Let go of me
He really looks like my mother.
Stop
Mom, before we figure it out
Shen Guiying can't go
Take him to the room
Daughter, I'm sorry.
It is your daughter who made you feel wronged today.
Three days later.
I will hold a grand banquet for you
I'll give you your birthday in advance.
Let everyone in Jiang City know
You are my biological mother
Take him down
He is lying to you.
I am your mother.
Xiaojie
As long as you get rid of Shen Guiying
I can sit firmly in the position of guarding my mother